hi everybody its Chelsea and today I'm
going to be testing out a portable
printer before we get started I just
want to say that this video is not
sponsored whatsoever I did buy this
printer with my own money we're just
gonna be testing it out today because I
think it might be like an interesting
product for nomads to have or even if
you're not a nomad I think this is kind
of cool if you haven't already please
subscribe to my channel I am a full time
traveler my name is Chelsea elavil 21
foot camper trailer and I travel with my
dog named banks so if you're interested
in traveling around the country with me
virtually or meeting me in real life or
if you're interested in living this
lifestyle yourself I do put out weekly
videos of nomad tips and my travels so
this is the HP sprocket 100 which is a
portable wireless printer if we just
read some of the features here it says
easy photo printing from your phone
point two by three inch color photos in
seconds anywhere 10 sheets of Zink paper
included used as photos or stickers 3 HP
sprocket app lets you add fun borders
and fun photo captions no ink required
just use the the papers so this thing
was just over $100 and the photo papers
are $9.99 for 20 of them which to me it
looked like the best bang for your buck
I guess when I was comparing other
brands like the Canon Selphy printer or
the polaroid printer this is what the
printer actually looks like as you can
see it's really tiny
otherwise this is not very heavy so
that's why I was saying that this might
be good for nomads because you guys know
I am very limited on space in my camper
and I am also limited by how much weight
I can tow and so if I can have something
really small like this I think that
would be really cool for me so I'm
trying to find the directions here ok so
this is just warranty information this
does not tell me how to use this product
and other than that this is the
anything that came in it so it says one
I guess connect it to power so let's do
that
okay little red light came on I guess
that means it's dead and then number two
says HP sprocket comm so I guess I have
to go to this website kind of knowing
that they don't just give you the little
booklet or whatever but I guess go okay
so it looks like there is something
called a sprocket and a sprocket plus
looks like this bracket plus is a little
bit bigger and might shoot out bigger
pictures so I might be interested in
exchanging that let's see so we need to
get started and we need to get this
sprocket app so while this app is
downloading I'm gonna go back to the
website it says press and hold the power
button until the LED turns white here's
the power button on the side so let's
press and hold okay now it's on now it
says we need to connect mobile device to
the Bluetooth on the phone so let's do
that I don't see it showing up on my
list
apparently it's supposed to come up as
HP sprocket oh here's okay it just
popped up we're connected okay we're
connected
step3 over here says slide back the lid
and place the blue card a tray barcode
down okay hold on maybe the blue card is
in here papers in papers loaded now
let's go back to the app allow camera
yes allow photos yes
allow location while using the app yes
and yes you can send me notifications
done now we've got my photo roll has
popped up so let's go choose a
photograph I wish there was a way that I
could show you what is happening on my
phone it's gonna be as good as I can get
it this is the photo that I want to edit
there's colorful borders there's bunches
a bunch of choices here are these
stickers okay so it comes with a bunch
of stickers you can put over it don't
wanna do any of that let's put this
middle button it looks like the printer
it says my printer is not connected
turned off by itself let's just turn it
back on
okay the white light is on it to try to
connect again to within range because
we're right next to each other it says
connection unsuccessful make sure it's
turned on in and range it is turned on
okay it says it's connected it said it
should be printing I should be connected
to this thing but nothing is working
taking so long that my camera just quit
recording if I can't get this to work I
have to just straight up return this
printer which sucks because I was super
interested in this thing I'm gonna play
with this a while and I'll be back in a
bit I don't want to waste all my memory
on my camera just waiting on this to
happen so I'll see you guys in a couple
minutes hopefully okay so it's been
about five minutes and I had to turn off
my phone and turn it back on and I had
to do a hard reset of the printer which
meant I had to find a little safety pin
and go hold down that little button in
there for about five seconds and now it
looks like my phone in this printer are
communicating however as soon as I
opened the app for sprocket it said that
there was a firmware upgrade to the
sprocket printer so now that is
currently downloading I gotta say I did
kind of anticipate this being like a
little bit easier of a setup it's taking
me a little while to figure this out and
I'm usually like pretty good at this
kind of stuff if you've made it this far
in the video I'm gonna do a little game
with you for sticking around with me
while this finishes uploading I'm gonna
print out a picture the first person to
comment the word pickle pumpkin down
below I'll send you this picture of the
Pinto
I'll get in touch with you give this
video a thumbs up comment pickle pump in
I'll get your address okay so now it's
saying to go ahead and choose a
photograph so let me go ahead scroll
back to the pictures that I wanted
alright I found the photo
sprocket printer not connected when I go
to the Bluetooth settings straight off
my phone it says connected to HP
spermatid now when I go to the app
nothing there's nothing so annoying I'm
about to give up again okay I'm gonna
reset my phone
reset the printer now that the firmware
should have been updated and I'll be
back in just a minute okay so it's
finally saying that we are connected a
hundred percent and back and everything
oh I hear noise this is that blue car
that it told me to load facedown that's
not even the photo did it literally just
try to print on that because okay it's
making a noise again there's the photo
this is nice and coming on to the road I
guess this can either be just a photo
that you tape into a journal or this can
be a sticker obviously like I said I'll
mail this to the first person that gives
this video a thumbs up and comment
pickle pumpkin down below I'm glad that
we finally got it working it doesn't
look like the quality of the photo is
super great I'm wondering if that's
because this is an already edited photo
on my phone so I'm gonna try to print
out another photo on here off of my
phone that is a much higher resolution
and see if it makes the quality any
better and I'll get back to you in a
couple minutes hi everybody I know I
look totally different and it's
nighttime now and the angle is terrible
here but I went out for Halloween I am a
quantum mechanic anyway let's talk about
these pictures real quick I printed out
five of them the whole process was
pretty glitchy the quality of the
picture is is not fantastic however it
is like a Polaroid esque style I'll show
you the five pictures that I printed I'm
still gonna hold on to this for a couple
more days and just think about it I
think that for the price this is a
pretty good option considering that a
pack of 20 of these photographs is $9.99
they do turn into stickers if you want
to there are a lot of cool modifications
such as borders and stickers and color
correction that you can add to the photo
straight from the app if you want to but
I just don't know if there
another portable printer that is better
than this so I'm gonna maybe buy another
one and just do the comparison and then
return whichever one I like the least so
here's some of the photos I printed out
this is dragon's mouth in Yellowstone
National Park
this is a black and white picture of me
looking out a window in Spain this is
from the same day a picture of my
silhouette this is me and banks hanging
out in my room here in South Carolina my
mom's house and this is of course the
first picture that I printed the Bison
coming out of the brush at night onto
the road so overall they are pretty cool
pictures I think you get a lot of bang
for your buck when it comes to the price
of a pack you get 20 of them for 9.99
some of the other ones that I've seen
cost about $30 for a pack of paper and I
think you get the same amount 20 pieces
of paper with this one I also like the
fact that I don't have to deal with ink
cartridges it just prints straight onto
the paper and there's nothing that I
need to change except for the packs of
paper itself so that's pretty cool to me
I think that's one of the reasons why
the other ones are so expensive is
because you have to buy a pack and it
comes with the paper and the ink
cartridges as well so I think the
combination it just makes it cheaper
with these so I'm gonna hang on to this
a little bit longer the printer itself
like I said it is glitchy I did run into
a couple paper jams and it did say that
I was out of paper a couple times when I
definitely wasn't so I did have to do a
hard reset I think about four different
times to get it going I had to restart
my thumb three different times to get it
to connect to bluetooth the right way so
it is pretty glitchy but if you are
willing to deal with the frustration and
getting some pretty tiny pictures they
are kind of cool I think that might be
worth the money this does look like the
cheapest option overall so there's my
review on it once again this video is
not sponsored if you are
interested in this kind of thing I'm
probably gonna do another one with a
different type of portable printer so
make sure you subscribe to me hit that
little Bell notification YouTube has
been screwing a lot of people over
lately including myself when it comes to
people actually being notified that I am
and I am making videos so you guys have
a beautiful night and I will see you in
the next one